
-----------------------
dotted vs straight line 
-----------------------

Q. what are all the different entrees course names in dockets?
A. ENTREES DINNER, BAR ENTREE (all?)

Q. what are all the different 'main' course names in dockets?
A. MAINS DINNER, BAR MEALS, MAINS LUNCH (all?)

Q. what causes a dotted line?
A. 
   i) an entree that contains any combination of the following, but nothing else
   from the entree selection
   1. garlic bread
   2. childs snitz
   3. childs parmi
   4. childs fish
   5. childs steak
   6. childs bolog
   7. childs spaghetti (is this an item?)

   or

   ii) if there are free-text notes saying dont hold mains

   or

   iii) a person physically comes into the kitchen and says dont hold mains

=> need automatic hold detections and manual override functionality 

-----------------------
drag and drop
-----------------------

- use react-beautiful-dnd to achieve dragging an order to the board area
- OrderListItem component should be 'Draggable'
- OrderModal should also be 'Draggable' (more difficult to achieve but it will probably be the main use case of 
  i) click on new order item ii) call out order whilst reading the OrderModal iii) drag and drop the OrderModal onto
  the board location
- the Board is really 2 horizontal react-beautiful-dnd lists. the top-most list is for display A, and the bottom-list is for display B
- user can drag an order back from top & bottom lists, back to the new orders list. 
  => new order list, OrderList must be 'Droppable'
- horizontal lists must also be 'Draggable' so they can swap displays. this is needed when top list is empty, bottom list is full, and 
  user has another order they want to add. in this scenario, if user puts the new order in the empty top list then the displays will 
  show an out-of-order chronology of orders: the newest order should've gone on the end of the bottom list, instead it's jumped to be
  the infront of all the older orders in display B.
  dragging bottom list upwards, thus making it the top list, put it on display A. this frees
  up display B, and allows user to put new orders there.
